"Technisches SEO" and "Heading-Struktur" still 
appear skipped despite the 600ms delay fix. 
Schema.org now works. This alternating pattern 
(skip, show, skip) is diagnostic: the 2-second 
polling interval is the root cause, not the 
backend delays.

---

ROOT CAUSE

The frontend polls for progress every 2 seconds. 
The backend runs fast steps sequentially:
  Technisches SEO: running → 600ms → done → 200ms
  Schema.org:      running → 600ms → done → 200ms  
  Heading-Struktur: running → 600ms → done → 200ms

Total for all three: about 2.4 seconds.
The poller fires every 2 seconds and catches 
roughly every other step — which matches exactly 
what the user sees.

---

FIX: Two-pronged approach

PART A — Reduce frontend polling interval 
from 2000ms to 400ms.

Find the setInterval or polling loop in the 
frontend progress component. Change the interval:
  
  OLD: setInterval(pollProgress, 2000)
  NEW: setInterval(pollProgress, 400)

This ensures the poller fires fast enough to 
catch every step that lasts 600ms.

Also check if there is a debounce or throttle 
on the polling function and remove or reduce 
it to match the new 400ms interval.

PART B — Increase the delay for the two 
specific problematic steps.

"Technisches SEO" runs first among the fast 
steps — the poller may fire just after its 
"running" state is set and before the 600ms 
completes. Increase its delay to 1000ms:

  emit "Technisches SEO" running
  await asyncio.sleep(1.0)   ← was 0.6
  run technical SEO analysis
  emit "Technisches SEO" done
  await asyncio.sleep(0.3)

Apply the same 1000ms delay to "Heading-Struktur".
Keep "Schema.org" and "FAQ-Qualität" at 600ms 
since they already work.

PART C — Verify MODULE_NAMES array matches 
backend step names exactly.

The frontend fallback (setting all steps to done 
on completion) only works if the step names in 
the MODULE_NAMES array match the exact strings 
sent by the backend.

Check that these strings match character for 
character (including spaces, dots, slashes, 
capitalization and special characters):

Frontend MODULE_NAMES must contain exactly:
  'Crawling Website'
  'Technisches SEO'
  'Schema.org / Strukturierte Daten'
  'Heading-Struktur'
  'Inhaltliche Relevanz (KI-Analyse)'
  'FAQ-Qualität'
  'LLM-Auffindbarkeit'
  'Wettbewerbsvergleich'
  'Empfehlungen generieren'

Backend must emit these exact same strings as 
the module name in every progress event.

Print both lists to the console on app start 
to make mismatches immediately visible:
  console.log('Frontend steps:', MODULE_NAMES)