```
Add a new "Analyseparameter" section to both the PDF 
and HTML exports that displays all input data entered 
by the user in "Domainanalyse – Basisdaten" before 
the analysis was started. Then self-verify the 
implementation.

---

CHANGE 1 — Identify the input data to export

The following fields from the analysis input must 
be included. Read them from the same result/state 
object that already stores the analysis parameters 
(check what the existing exports already use for 
the domain URL — extend from there):

  - Analysierte Domain (URL)
  - Unternehmensname (if entered)
  - Zielgruppen / Käuferpersonas (if entered)
  - Differenzierungsmerkmale (if entered)
  - Brand-Keywords (if entered, show as comma-
    separated list)
  - Wettbewerber-Domains (list all entered URLs, 
    one per line)
  - Social Media Profile (show only fields that 
    were actually filled in — label: value pairs, 
    e.g. "LinkedIn: https://...")
  - Analysedatum und -uhrzeit (generate from 
    export timestamp)
  - Anzahl gecrawlter Seiten

For any field that was left empty by the user, 
omit that field entirely from the output — do not 
show empty rows or "nicht angegeben" placeholders. 
Only show fields that contain actual data.

---

CHANGE 2 — HTML export: new section

Insert a new section between the FAQ section and 
the Kontakt section at the bottom of the one-pager.

Use the existing section-divider pattern:
  <div class="section-divider">
    <span>Analyseparameter</span>
  </div>
  <h2>Analyseparameter dieser Auswertung</h2>

Then display the data as a clean two-column 
definition list or table:
  Column 1: field label (font-weight bold, 
             color #787b86, font-size 12px, 
             text-transform uppercase, 
             letter-spacing 0.05em, width ~180px)
  Column 2: field value (color #1a1d23, 
             font-size 14px)

For the Wettbewerber-Domains: show each URL on 
its own line as a clickable link 
(href, target="_blank").

For Social Media: show as a compact list of 
"Platform: URL" pairs, each on its own line.

Use hardcoded hex colors only (no CSS variables).

---

CHANGE 3 — PDF export: new page

After the FAQ page and before the Kontakt page, 
add a new PDF page for "Analyseparameter".

Build it as a self-contained HTML document 
injected into an iframe, using the same technique 
already established for the FAQ and Kontakt pages.

Page structure:
  - Heading: "Analyseparameter dieser Auswertung"
  - Same two-column layout as the HTML export
  - White background (#ffffff)
  - Same font, same 12mm margin logic as all 
    other PDF pages
  - Wettbewerber URLs shown as plain text 
    (not clickable links, since PDF is static)
  - Social media entries as plain 
    "Platform: URL" text

---

CHANGE 4 — Page order in both exports

After this change, the complete export order must be:

PDF pages:
  1. Details
  2. LLM-Auffindbarkeit
  3. Wettbewerb
  4. Empfehlungen
  5. FAQ / So funktioniert's
  6. Analyseparameter    ← new
  7. Kontakt

HTML one-pager sections (top to bottom):
  Details content
  LLM-Auffindbarkeit content
  Wettbewerb content
  Empfehlungen content
  FAQ / So funktioniert's content
  Analyseparameter content    ← new
  Kontakt content

---

SELF-VERIFICATION after implementation

After making the changes, verify the following 
without requiring a new analysis run:

CHECK 1 — Identify the data source
Find where the analysis input parameters are 
stored in the result object (field names and 
location in the data structure). Report the 
exact field names used.

CHECK 2 — HTML export function
Open the HTML export generation function and 
confirm:
  a) The "Analyseparameter" section exists in 
     the generated HTML string
  b) It appears after the FAQ section and before 
     the Kontakt section
  c) It reads data from the correct fields 
     identified in CHECK 1
  d) Empty fields are conditionally excluded
  e) All styles use hardcoded hex values

CHECK 3 — PDF export function
Open the PDF export function and confirm:
  a) An "Analyseparameter" iframe page is built 
     and added to the PDF
  b) It appears at position 6 (after FAQ, before 
     Kontakt) in the pages array
  c) It reads from the same data source as the 
     HTML export
  d) The iframe HTML is self-contained with 
     inline styles

CHECK 4 — Page order
Confirm the pages array in the PDF export 
function lists pages in exactly this order:
  details, llm, competitors, recommendations, 
  faq, analyseparameter, kontakt

Report findings for each check with file name 
and line number. If any check fails, fix it 
immediately and re-verify.
```